
Let's try writing not just a script for a sci-fi film, but a plan or story for a screenplay, and we'll do it:
- with the help of AI
- with maximum use of cutting-edge (bordering on the fantastical, but still realistic) scientific hypotheses

The time will come when AI reaches a level where one user will use it to create a full-fledged screenplay, and someone else will generate video, write audio tracks, and edit it into complete scenes and episodes (if it's a series).
These can be different people, many different specialists – the project is open to participation.
Scientific and technical justification for the scenario

Prompt

Episode Num xxxxx348
Continuation  Episode Num xxxxx346


Second Line Defense Control Center. Analysis Group Leader (RGA) and Shift Analysis Group Leader (SRGA)
(RGA) - How much time until the Laser emerges from behind the horizon?
(SRGA) - Almost 30 minutes more. 32 minutes until it reaches the strike line. If the capsule manages to prepare for the burst into the vacuum, it will travel faster than the speed of light, and the Defense Laser will be unable to do anything.
(RGA) - What do you mean, "faster than the speed of light"? That's impossible.
(SRGA) - This is a special capsule. A very expensive one. Only two of them were built. It has a multi-mode laser section. In this special mode, it can exceed the Schwinger limit. Relative to the vacuum, the density of matter in the channel becomes negative, and the speed of light is significantly higher there. If the capsule manages to dive into it, the laser will be unable to do anything.
(RGA) - What will it look like?
(SRGA) - For the viewer, it will simply disappear and reappear where the channel ends. Right now, only straight-line movement in the channel is possible.
(RGA) - We can retarget the Laser to the channel area in advance, with a lead time.
(SRGA) - We don't know where the capsule will be oriented before acceleration.
(RGA) - Okay. How long will it take to accelerate to dive into the channel?
(SRGA) - First, they need to heat up the metal for the ion booster engine, then start gaining speed, and then apply power to the vacuum-breaking system. They're probably already heating the metal. That won't take long. A few minutes. The acceleration is quite long, about ten minutes. That's the only chance to hit them with the Laser. If they break the vacuum, diving in is a matter of ten to fifteen seconds.
(RGA) - How long can they stay in the channel?
(SRGA) - The mode is still experimental. No one was there for more than a few minutes. But this has more to do with energy. At the same time, the reactor operates in extreme mode; there are problems with cooling the reactor in the channel. Nobody knows how long he will last. In addition, the data is mostly classified.
Speakerphone report: "60 seconds until the Laser reaches the point of view"
(RGA) (into the microphone) - Open the fire button lock... Switch to "ON" mode.
Speakerphone report: "The switch is in the ON position. The laser is on the point. The search is in progress..."
(SRGA) - There was no shot. Search mode. Have they left?
(RGA) (into microphone) - Are you watching the capsule?
Report over loudspeaker: "The channel towards the observation station - 100% failure"
(RGA) (into microphone) - Reserve channel?
Speakerphone report: "No exchange"
(SRGA) - Has the military system failed? This is impossible!
(RGA) - You will not find open information about the channel through the vacuum. Almost everything is classified there. You can only evaluate something indirectly. The absolutely impossible failure of military quantum communications is from this series.
(RGA) (into microphone) - Request a quantum telescope from Central Command via Circular Communications. Try scanning the star map. Well, what happens next is none of our business. We need to make a report.



http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:11
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:12
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:13
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:14
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:15
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:16
http://moviescript.wikidot.com/blog:17

https://www.tumblr.com/blog/sci-fi-screenplay
https://oflameron.com

https://www.tumgik.com/sci-fi-screenplay
https://www.tumbex.com/sci-fi-screenplay.tumblr/posts
https://www.tumlook.com/search/Mission%20Oflameron























